You think we're in close?
They're almost impossible to find.
No one's ever captured one alive.
I agree to provide
security to you because I
thought you were close
to fighting the spider.
A little bit worth the
wait. Dead specimens
show that the peptides
in the spider's venom...
...basically they supercharge
their cellular structure.
That spider can give superhuman
strength and power like Asarana.
Asarana? The mythical spider
people who run across the
treetops and punish evil men
with their black poison pests?
I'd like to make my research on
science, not legends, Mr. Stamps.
Those powers are wasted here.
These little spiders have the
potential to cure hundreds of diseases.
Are you okay?
No. She's trying her best
to keep me from working.
But I'm not gonna let her do that.
I don't wanna live close.
Perhaps you should rest.
I don't have time.
Thank you. For the umbrella.
No!
Isn't she beautiful? Incredible, isn't it?
Something so small, so much power.
Stop!
What are you doing?
I don't... I don't understand.
I've been searching
for that spider for years.
No, we could help so many people.
I'm interested in helping people. No one
helped me when my family was starting.
My road was not as clear as yours.
We didn't have the same choices.
You're making the wrong decision.
Get it to me.
You can't walk away.
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Her journey will not be
easy, but she is strong.
She will come back when she
needs answers, and when she does,
I will be here for that.
This is 210 with a
42-year-old female, Code 3.
Guys, I've lost the pulse.
I'm starting compressions now.
Ben, what are you even doing back there?
Oh, you wanna come take over? I can drive.
It's not gonna ruin temp on my watch.
How are you doing back there?
Well, last time when the vehicle
drifted like this, I was getting shot at.
I wouldn't want you to be
home, except for the army.
I never thought I'd be this
happy to be back in Queens.
Wait, you better been shot at in Queens?
Shouldn't you be in school?
Who puts off an ambulance?
Jesus.
Kids.
I'm gonna get roped in.
No, you're not. You're gonna be
in the backyard, growing with us.
I know how these things work, Ben.
Oh, do you? How do you know?
I thought you've never
been to a baby job.
Yeah, I'm careful not to get roped in.
I'm glad I caught you
before you headed back out.
She's gonna be okay.
Who?
Your... patient.
Little boy wanted to say thank you.
You know what?
Mr. Ben Perker here did all the work, so...
Just take it.
Take it.
Thanks, buddy.
I'm taking a receiver.
Are you all immediate family?
I'm her stepdaughter.
I think she might prefer...
Yeah, it's okay, Dad.
I'll see you guys back at your apartment.
Okay. Come on, buddy.
This is mine.
Okay.
This one is for you.
Thanks so much.
What am I supposed to do with this?
Just put it in your pocket and
then throw it away somewhere else.
You can't even fold it.
It's like cardboard.
Oh, come on.
We both hate family stuff.
I think I have plans, anyway, so...
Plans? Since when you have plans,
you're, like, impossible to pin down.
Well, I like to keep my
options open, you know?
I might sleep in. I might go to the museum.
I might walk the dog.
You don't have a dog?
I might adopt one.
Return the favor.
I suspect you were a bit more
of a handful than a puppy.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I was a model foster kid.
I peed outside and everything.
So, I, um...
kind of met someone.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
What's this one name?
Oh.
Serious.
Subtitle made by Guto for https://www.opensubtitles.org/
She's a lucky lady, then.
Thank you.
Oh.
You have a winning personality,
I guess I got yours by mistake.
You're an asshole.
Here.
Let's see what your future holds for you.
What if I don't want to know?
Well, it's just a cookie.
You will.
You will what?
Apparently I have no future.
Cassie, do you know what this means?
What?
It means that their printer is broken.
We can't eat here anymore.
We''l have it for you tomorrow,
My dad just needs to
pick up his paycheck.
Let me come in and talk
to your dad,
I haven't seen him in a while,
I'm worried something happened.
He's not home right now, actually.
Look, I'll be back tomorrow.
But no more excuses.
I swear!
We'll have it!
All right.
Us strays need to stick together.
Somebody's hungry.
I hope the spiders were worth it, Mom.
B-A, three vechicles, one vehicle...
Seems to be overturned
and there's traffic.
Copy that. Sending backup
to your location.
It won't open!
Alright sir, we're gonna
get you out of there, ok?
Just don't move.
Hi, sir!
Can you tell me your name?
Robert.
Robert? I'm Cassie.
I'm gonna help you out, okay?
You're gonna be all right.
All right, I'm gonna cut your seatbelt,
and when I do, you're gonna fall,
and my partner's gonna help
you out on that side, okay?
Three, two, one.
All right, Robert.
One, two, three.
Ok, you're gonna be ok, sir.
Just try and...
Hey! Cassie!
Ben!
Cassie!
(whispers)
You guys are ice cold.
"Cassie!"
"This has always been a death trap"
"No need to press"
(whispers)
"You can't save those three!"
"You are the only one
who can change the future"
"Cassie!"
"C'mon Cassie, breath!"
Come on!
You're ok.
Did I die?
Yeah, you were down three
minutes before I fished you out.
Three minutes? Yeah.
Welcome back to the land of the living.
79 over 55, you need a real work-up
at a real hospital with a real doctor.
I don't need a doctor.
I trust you.
80%! That's great.
Slightly above that of a... dead fish.
Ah..?
All right, O2 is going up to 89...
Jump back in the water any time.
79 over 55, you need a real work-up
at a real hospital with a real doctor.
Seriously, Ben, dial it back. I'm fine.
Wait, wait, wait.
I need to get your oxygen levels.
Again?
What are you talking about?
My O2 is 89.
No, it's nah...
Oh, you're right.
Are you okay? What the
hell happened down there?
Fine!
I just want to go home and watch Idol.
Wow.
Great apartment.
Where's my spider?
They took my spider!
Who are you?
Bad dream...?
It's not a dream.
I'm going to be murdered one day.
Oh, wow, that's a buzzkill.
The same three faces.
Every night, the same vision.
It's a curse.
But we all die someday.
Nothing we can really do to stop that.
If you saw who is going to
murder you, you'd try to stop them.
Okay.
You have no idea of the torment and
torture of dying over and over again.
And I can't escape it.
So I'm not going to sit
back and let it happen.
I will find them and kill them first.
So you know who did... I mean, will do it?
It's always those three faces.
Can you imagine how frustrating it's been,
Trying to identify someone
I've only seen in a vision?
But as the years pass, there
have been technological advances.
New ways to find people
if you know their faces.
The kind of technology I've heard the
National Security Agency has been pursuing.
What are you doing?
How are you poisoning me?
What's your password?
I can't tell you... oh, please!
Yes, please, your password.
Tell me quickly before the
paralysis reaches your lips,
And I'll stop the poison.
Q-9-2-0-B-3-7-5
Believe me,
It's a good thing you had no idea today
was the day we were going to die.
Hey, Cass!
Hey.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, Cassie!
Hey, next time you want to go swimming,
maybe you should stick to a story apart.
Oh, that's really funny.
You're such a funny guy.
Are you pressing the burgers?
I'm releasing the fat!
That's called flavour, man.
Plus, it's like, really flammable.
There you go.
Oh, thanks.
You don't think that maybe in light
of recent events I could use a beer?
Well, as you know, the protocol is no
booze within 24 hours of your death.
Is that protocol?
Yeah, it's a protocol.
That's boring.
I feel like there's more of a story there.
No, you guys, we've seen this a
hundred times. It was cardiac arrest.
When your heart starts
back up again, you're fine.
Really?
Dead, huh?
Did you see a white light or...
Well, actually, I saw Jersey, so you
tell me...
Oh, come on. You saw Jersey.
Hey.
What did Jersey do?
Was he pressing the burgers again?
Yeah, they're ruined now.
For you, sir...?
Oh, now they're really ruined.
Ready to start.
What?
They're starting, so you should get in there.
No, you were right. They're roping you in.
Yeah, thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Have fun.
Hey... This is crazy!
I can't decide what I have to.
Hi, I'm Cassie Webb. Thanks for having me.
You're Ben's partner.
I'm his sister-in-law.
Mary.
Nice to meet you.
Ben is so excited about being an uncle.
I don't know what we'd do without him.
Especially with Richard away.
Again, where is it this time?
He's in Mumbai, Shanghai.
I can't keep track.
Never stops leaping around
in there and always hungry.
Does it have a name?
We're saving that for the games.
Games...?
Games! Oh, my god...
My mother always cut the
crusts off my sandwiches.
Chloe, is that you?
Yes.
My mom said the crusts
would make my hair go curly.
It was years before I figured that one out.
Who's is this?
Oh, it's mine.
You must have at least one
thought memory of your mother.
Well, my mother
actually died in childbirth.
Oh, well... But it wasn't that bad.
It wasn't.
Like, I mean...Obviously, it was
baaad, you know. She died.
But, ahn... I grew up totally healthy.
Death in childbirth is super rare.
I mean...
She chose to be, like, way deep in the
Amazon for the last month of her pregnancy,
Hundreds of miles away
from any medical facilities, so...
Okay, so let's move on to the next one.
Guess the name of Mary's baby.
Okay, I'll kick things off.
Sam.
Nope!
Steven!
He's not named Steven.
You guys are ice cold.
Richard Jr...?
Richard wishes.
Cassie, what's your guess?
Ben...?
The name is...
Richard Jr...?
Richard wishes.
Cassie.
What's your guess?
Wait, we just did this.
What, seriously, is this part of the game?
Uh... sorry, they're calling everyone in.
Fire down in the docks.
So...
You okay?
Yeah, I just... got a weird sense of deja vu.
Ok, looks like a fractured left radius,
otherwise stable.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Check his abdomen.
Ouch!
Hey,
And... internal injuries.
Good catch.
Hey, I need to get my guys in there.
It doesn't sound safe, the
structure is unstable.
People are trapped.
We need to treat them before we move them.
This place is packed with explosives.
Industrial grade fireworks.
Ignore them!
Cassie!
This place is always
been a death trap.
C'mon, this way! Get around!
Otherwise stable.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Check his abdomen.
And... internal injuries. Good catch!
Let's go! Come on!
I gotta get my guys in there.
The structure is unstable.
Hey, people are trapped.
The place is packed... with explosives.
Industrial grade fireworks.
This place has always been a death trap.
Cassie! Cassie! Cassie!
I need you at the triage!
Sir, you're okay. You're okay.
He's stable, ready to transport.
You're gonna be okay.
Wait!
O'Neil!
Hey, what is it? I gotta roll.
Will you let me drive?
What are you talking about?
I just... I don't know, I just...
Have a weird feeling.
Cassie, I need you over here.
Will you just let me drive?
You had a bad experience on the job.
I don't think that's what's happening.
Don't let it mess with your head.
This is O'Neil, clear up dock side.
It is...
O'Neil. Come on.
Come on! O'Neil! Come on!
Wake up!
O'Neil, come on!
Cassie! Cassie!
Come on, come back!
Come on, come on!
Ben, help me!
Cassie, Cassie, it's ok... it's ok.
It's okay, okay?
There's nothing you could
have done, okay?
So, was it worth the trouble?
The scale of the NSA's
surveillance is unprecedented.
They can access everything.
There's... there's nowhere to hide.
That's the idea.
The potential is infinite.
It's... it's intoxicating, but...
in the wrong hands, I mean...
people can be tracked wherever they go.
It's going to change everything.
As long as it has the ability
to find those women now,
before they get their powers.
This is what they look
like in your visions,
as well as you can recollect.
Their faces have been
daunting me for years.
We don't know exactly
when your vision takes place,
so I'm giving this a 10-year
range just to be safe.
Here's what they should look like now.
They're younger than I thought, I...
I didn't know we'd be targeting teenagers.
They're teenagers now, but in the future,
they have powers, and
they will try to destroy me.
I came from nothing, less than nothing.
I will not give up everything I've built,
and have my life cut short.
I'll say, ride public transportation, go to
the museum, get money from an ATM,
wherever they are in the world.
Find them.
I pay you a fortune.
Yeah, I'll find them.
Still no blurriness, no double vision,
no discoloration at all.
Your eyesight is good,
and all your other vitals check out.
Ahm... but what about the visions?
How am I seeing that stuff?
Sometimes, when we experience trauma,
it can have a lasting effect.
This isn't trauma.
I knew he was gonna die.
I saw it.
Cassie, I have all your reports
here from your other consultations.
Your head CT was
normal, your MRI was clear.
The scan showed no abnormality.
I know that it sounds crazy.
I know, but I don't
understand what's happening.
I will be recommending
that you take a week off.
Get some rest.
Watch old movies.
If you still have concerns,
I can run some bloods or
refer you to psych.
But I'm sure everything will be
back to normal before you know it.
I have been to present, seems...
Christmas is yet to come.
And you british only shadows things that
not yet happened, but will happen...
Spirit of the future, I fear you more
than any other specter I've seen...
Even that fear I must deal with...
I am doomed!
I can not change...
Hey Cassie, it's me again.
Ahn... Ben.
I know you're there, just pick up.
Okay, well, uh...
O'Neill's funeral starts at two
in Poughkeepsie.
Everyone is going.
I know, it's the last place you want to be.
But it would help Susan.
If you came... it might help you too.
Look, if you leave now,
you can still make it.
Cassie?
Cass?
Before I join the ones that stare,
answer me one question:
Are this the shadows of things that must leave?
Are they only shadows of things that might be?
Hate to break it to you, Scrooge, but...
you can't change anything.
Are this the shadows of things that must leave?
Are they only shadows of things that might be?
This isn't going to change anything.
Guess is in tie of draw.
May I have one to Poughkeepsie, please.
Anya Corazón started moving
onto the platform.
She's on her own.
Julia Cornwall is on the
concourse, also alone.
And Martha Franklin.
Shit!
What are the odds of them all being
in the same place at the same time?
It's not a coincidence.
There must be something that connects them.
Or...
Something that will.
Please keep all belongings to
you at all times.
If you see something suspicious
find a member of the MTA staff.
New York City is a whole
new level of crazy these days.
This is the train to Mount Vernon, right?
Is this real?
Are you okay, dear?
Oh god, I think I'm going crazy.
New York City is a whole new
level of crazy these days.
This is the train to Mount Vernon, right?
I hope not.
Get up. Get off. Get off.
Get up.
Me?
Go, get off!
You're gonna die if you stay here.
Get up.
What? Are you threatening us?
This is an emergency situation.
I need you to follow my instructions.
Get off the train.
Come on.
My mom told me never to talk
to strangers, so...
Get up.
Hey, give me that back.
I'm so pressing charges.
Okay, knock yourself out.
Give me my humvee skateboard back.
Let's go.
Ok, nevermind.
Gimme my freaking skateboard back.
Okay.
What exactly is this emergency?
This woman is trying to abduct us!
What? No! That's not...
That's... shh!
That's your emergency.
That.
Is anybody else seeing this?
That man is trying to kill you.
But how you...?
I don't know, come on.
We don't have tickets for this train!
That's you biggest concern?
Please, stay clear. Close doors.
The train is departing. Please, be kind
removing your bags from empty seats...
Place any luggage on the rack above.
Come on.
Ok.
Hey. Am I on the right train?
I don't know, man.
Holy shit.
Come on.
Come.
Run!
There's an emergency exit, to
the street, that way.
Go.
Hey, cops! Over here!
I've never been so happy to see cops.
You guys need to call for backup.
That will not be necessary.
As long as you cooperate.
Wait, what? It's not what...
You don't understand!
We are being attacked!
We're beeing attacked!
You're safe...
Run! Go!
Go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Come on!
Just get in!
What? Get in!
Come on! We're out of time!
I appreciate it, thank you so much.
That guy was nuts. Do you guys think
he killed those cops?
He... he climbed on walls and
dodged bullets,
How is that even possible?
It's not.
There's not enough friction or
force in the bare human foot to...
to overcome gravity and
keep him stuck to the wall.
Even more to the ceiling.
No science seems to stop him,
so what good is it?
What good is science?
Ok, enough.
Please, don't fight...
Enough.
I was just telling...
Enough!
Your voices are, like, drilling in
the center of my skull,
And I need to think.
I'm Cassie.
Ok? What are your names?
What are your names?
I'm Julia Cornwall.
My... my dad lives here in New York
and my mom lives back in L.A. but...
We don't need your whole life story.
I'm Anya Corazón.
Mattie Franklin.
Thank you for protecting us.
No, no, no.
That's not what's happening here.
I'm not protecting you. I am...
Your parents can handle this.
My parents are on a business trip.
Yeah, my parents are out of town, too.
Oh, my mom's busy working, so...
Oh, my god.
Oh, I was gonna go stay with some friends.
Well, where are your friends live?
I'll drop you off first.
... public zone, and finding the person of
interest seen in an attack on...
multiple NYPD officers at Grand Central
terminal this afternoon.
That's great. Good.
Hope they find his crazy ass.
That was insane. They better lock him up.
she is also the same person police are
seeking to question in a possible abduction...
She?
of the three teenage girls. Eye witnesses
have identified the woman in her early 30s,
What?
What? That's...
Look, you guys...
What about them?
He was crawling on the ceiling.
What about that guy?
I mean, you saw...
No one saw a ceiling guy.
Everyone thinks you're the kidnapper.
Yeah, because you told them I was.
I didn't know what was happening.
Okay, guys.
My Uncle Jonah can totally help us.
I'm going to call him.
You have a phone?
You know they can track
those nowadays, right?
Hey, you can't do that.
She's right.
It's okay. Daddy will buy you a new one.
What is your problem?
What do you mean?
I'm just trying to help.
Okay, anyone who wants
to leave can leave right now.
Okay.
Wait.
Sorry, no, you can't actually
leave because you guys
are the only ones that know
what actually happened.
Okay, well, this is what
we're going to do, okay?
We're just going to,
like, lay low for a little bit.
And, um... I'll figure
out how to get out of this.
This is still not a kidnapping, okay?
Feels like a kidnapping.
How did they get away?
It's like they knew I was coming.
No hits at the train station in
West Duval or any of the bridges.
Wherever they are, there aren't any cameras.
The police don't have this technology.
You have access to
every camera in the city.
We should be ahead of them.
I went to a lot of trouble
to steal you these tools.
Use them. Better.
I always wanted to be a girl scout.
Of course you did.
Anybody else starving?
All I have is gum.
Here, I found this in
the glove compartment.
Wait, that bag. It's already been open.
We don't know how long it's been in there.
Okay, I hope you're good
at, um, catching squirrels.
Okay, so, what's the deal
with Ceiling Guy?
I told you, I don't know.
I've never seen him before.
How did you know he was coming?
I'm kind of more interested
in why he's trying to kill us.
I don't know.
Crazy shit's been happening
and I don't know why.
Stop asking me, okay?
Wait, you're the paramedic.
You saved my stepmother then
you were super awkward about it.
That does sound like me.
Wait, I recognize you too.
What?
Yeah, you live in my building.
You leave your junk
mail in the lobby and then
everybody else has
to clean it up for you.
Okay, well, there should
be a recycling bin there.
You don't think this is weird?
That we both know you?
It's honestly, like, the least
weird thing that's happened all day.
What?
Total stranger.
No.
You flipped me off.
It's not really narrowing down much.
You guys, this is so freaky.
Who are you? What is going on?
I can see the future.
Kind of.
I mean...
Oh, what the hell? See?
She didn't see that coming.
It doesn't work like that.
You guys, just give her a chance, please.
Wait, when you were
looking into the future,
did you see us in the
middle of nowhere,
eating love compartment or... Okay,
look, believe me or don't, I don't care.
I didn't ask to be
doing this with you and I
didn't ask for this to
happen to me either.
Also, I'm pretty sure I've
saved all of your lives.
So, you're welcome.
How does it work?
It just happens.
Can you do it now?
I can't control it.
You know the other guy can walk
on the ceiling, right?
No, he can't.
He was using his hands.
Why are you like this?
I'm just saying it was more of a crawl.
It was like a spider... person.
I'm gonna be back in a few hours.
Where are you going?
I need to check some
things out about all of this.
You can't just leave us here.
We'll be okay, Julia, we
don't need a babysitter.
Oh, yeah, sure, just three
teenagers alone in the woods,
definitely not the opening of a horror film.
You are way safer out here.
Just, you know, be like a Girl Scout girl.
Be that. Just... be that.
Can you bring us some
sandwiches?
Cassie!
Can we trust you?
Three hours, okay?
Just stay here.
And don't do anything dumb.
Seriously, don't do dumb things.
She was talking to you.
Okay, well, you're just a bitch, so...
I know Tae Kwon Do.
You.
I had a few rough years in school
when my parents were divorcing,
so I wanted to feel like I
could fight back if I needed to.
That's what I thought.
One second, Kat.
Come on...
Research on Amazonian spiders.
Peptides.
More peptides.
Where is it?
Ah, spider people.
Las Aranyas.
Have you ever heard
of Las Aranyas?
Me neither.
According to local folklore,
they possess powers
derived from spider venom
and are incredibly fast, incredibly strong,
and...
they can climb like spiders.
Just like Ceiling Guy.
How would you know if you could
climb a wall if you've never tried?
Okay, let's not mention that to anybody.
Las Aranyas are said
to possess a sixth sense
as if they have the
ability to glimpse the future.
Oh, my god.
Hey, who's got the jerky?
You ate it all.
You had like three pieces.
Out of five.
You counted.
You also ate all mine.
What's this?
Stop.
Ok. Forget jerky.
Did you guys see that diner?
Like a half mile down the road?
Let's just go there and get real food.
Cassie told us to stay here.
Come on, Julia...
She bailed on us.
We don't have any money, genius.
Well, I have money. So...
You have money so we
should do what you want?
You got something to say?
You know, I bet...
Your dad is a senator,
and your mom sits on the board at the Met,
and you somewhere in the
Hamptons next to Martha Stewart.
So sad about Martha Stewart.
My parents are in Beijing,
where my dad is raking in a ton of money for
making plastics that pollute the ocean,
and my mom is spending
it all on hideous art.
So... I talk to them on Mondays.
So who do you live with?
The housekeeper.
Well, on the upside, no curfew.
I bet you have your own room at least.
I live with my dad and
his wife and their kid.
What about your mom?
She's not really around.
She bailed on you?
Right, so...
Diner?
Let's spend some of Mattie's
daddy's pollution money?
Ey! I'm going to order
everything on the menu.
Julia, you in?
Hey.
We have to take care of ourselves.
Yeah.
You're right.
Let's go do this.
She's kind of cute when she's mad.
I heard that!
We are making
the right decision, Julia.
You would not like me when I'm hangry.
Who says we like you now?
God!
I knew we shouldn't have done this.
Do you think there's ticks?
Can we walk...?
Julia. Faster, please?
You said this was a shortcut.
Are you lost?
I don't know where you're going.
Do you know where you're going?
Actually, I do.
Ow, shit!
Okay, don't talk to anybody except to order.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
No one is gonna track us down here.
Don't make eye contact.
Oh, I will have cherry pie!
Let's sit at the bar.
There you go.
Here.
Should we make a game plan?
Eat first...
Strategize later.
Tell me.
Let's just eat quickly
and then get out of here.
Absolutely great idea, I'll get
at it after cherry pie.
No.
No cherry pie.
Julia, tell me you agree
that we should get dessert.
Yeah, whatever you guys are arguing about
I'm sure both of you make really good points.
We should go ahead and talk to them.
Really?
No, we we we kid...
Should we?
Wait, we can't.
You know you want to.
No.
This is not a good idea.
It's a good idea.
What are you doing?
Yeah, what are you doing?
Hold on a second.
What is this?
It's just a little confidence boost.
This isn't really my style.
It's all right.
You look cute.
This is not a good idea.
Seriously, guys.
Hi.
Hey guys, how are you?
How are you doing? Thanks a lot.
Yeah, I'm doing great.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you for your information,
Can you just confirm your location?
4 Star Diner,
Dave's Road, Route 206.
Churchill, New Jersey.
Hey. Possible siting in
Connect me with Churchill Police Dispatch.
Yeah.
Patching you right now.
Two-two-three dispatch.
On scene of 4 Star Diner.
Route 206 of Dave's Road.
Go ahead, two-two-three.
No need to send backup.
These aren't our missing persons.
Don't for.
Repeat: These are not our
missing persons.
No.
Girls?
So much for not attracting attention.
I won't even know that.
We have to get off this.
I'm so sorry.
Get down.
This isn't what you're thinking.
Stop.
You left us.
I'm so sorry.
Julia!
Julia, get back!
Stop!
Come on!
No!
This track is going to be huge.
Are you in the zone?
This is Britney Spears.
Let's try that again.
I love this song.
Nice.
Okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I have to get on here.
Come on, Julia. Party, girl!
Right.
Okay.
Come on.
Let's go.
Don't even pretend that you're
poorer than Britney.
I know you would've worked.
Get up here.
Come on.
Guys. Guys. Guys, we have to go.
Girls, get in! Get in, get in, get in!
Leave everything! Run!
Come on, let's go!
Mattie, let's go!
I'm so sorry, Cassie!
God!
So much for not needing a babysitter.
Do you guys think of anybody
but yourselves?
You're so impulsive and entitled.
And you don't listen.
We didn't mean to...
Whatever, don't even say anything.
God, your futures were almost...
so different.
You're lucky I saw them.
I'm so sorry.
Yes!
You should be so sorry.
All of you should be sorry.
Maria. Where did they go?
I'm running checks now.
I don't understand how they're doing this.
I've got a match on the
woman that's with them.
I'm not interested in her.
Focus on finding those girls.
Cassandra Webb, daughter
of Constance Webb, deceased.
Did you say Webb?
Uh, yeah. Do you know her?
It's not possible.
C'mon!
He's not gonna stop until he
kills us... is he?
I don't know what he wants.
I don't know anything.
But...  you can see the future.
Can't you stop him with your visions?
I don't know how to control them.
It's useless.
I don't know why, maybe that's a plus.
Is your hand okay?
It's fine.
First thing in the morning
I'm taking you all home.
Your parents can deal with this.
No, they can't.
My mom's in a psych ward.
She didn't really cope
well after my dad left,
and so I got sent to live
with him and his new family,
and I don't think that they want me there.
I wondered if they missed me if...
if I ran away.
Hmm. So you did.
My parents aren't around either.
I think they resent how having
a kid messed up their lives.
I don't think they're gonna fly
back from China to deal with this,
and I really don't want to find
out, so... I'm on my own.
Well, fine then. You guys
can just... Go to the police.
No.
My dad got deported six months ago.
I came home from school when he was gone.
What about your mom?
My mom died when I was five.
It's just me and my dad.
Except he never told me
he didn't have his papers,
so I've just been living by
myself in our apartment since then.
You're on your own?
I don't need anyone
else to look out for me.
And I don't have a curfew either.
So I can't go to the police.
Okay? Until I'm 18.
I can't exist.
And there's no way I'm
getting deported, too.
Or going into the foster system.
Well...
The foster system
isn't always that terrible.
Things didn't turn out so bad for me.
Right.
Cassie, please help us.
No one survives once enough
poison enters their system.
You won't be so lucky next time.
Why are you doing this?
I need to stop them from killing me.
They're not killers.
They're just teenagers.
In the future, I have done much more.
In the future, they will destroy me.
And everything I've built.
Those girls cannot exist.
How come you get to decide?
Because I'm the one with the powers.
If you knew what I know,
you'd do the same thing.
Would I? If I  knew the price to
pay was the lives of three girls.
The only thing I know
is that, in the future,
They also have powers.
The girls?
The girls have the powers in the future.
Did you think you can beat me
with your mind?
Your mother underestimated me.
Mother underestimated me.
The power of the spider.
Don't make the same mistake.
Tell me where they are.
They don't mean anything to you.
You can just walk away.
You never do.
Rise and shine!
Okay, so this guy's hands
somehow release an acute neurotoxin.
And it is painful.
I was lucky. The longer he holds onto
you, the more poison gets into your system.
Then what happens?
Then your heart stops.
But you can offset cardiac arrest with CPR.
So, you interlock your hands like this.
You lock your elbows.
And then you place the heel of
your hand right on the sternum.
And then you pump.
And you want to go like two inches down.
And you want to keep a
rhythm like a heartbeat.
You ready?
Okay, begin compressions. Go. Good.
And when do I
stop? You don't stop.
If you stop, they die.
If you get tired, then you
need somebody to take over.
I'm tired.
Okay, Anya, get ready to take over.
But you have to pick up
the exact same rhythm.
Ready? Yeah.
And go.
Great.
Nice, Matty.
Not cool.
Julie, you want to
take over? Okay.
Get ready.
Okay.
One, two, three.
Perfect.
Nice job, Anya.
I've never said this before in my
entire life, but you're a good teacher.
Well, I've been learning some
things, too...
About my mom.
Wait, so you do know this guy?
My mom did, I think. That's her.
She's really pretty.
So this is because of you?
All I know is that she
was researching spiders.
In her notebook, there's
some stuff about a local
tribe in Peru that can
do, like, crazy stuff.
What kind of crazy stuff?
Climb like spiders.
So is he one of them?
I need more information.
You're leaving.
I have to go and figure
out what is going on.
How?
You have to go to Peru.
I'll be gone a week.
I don't want to leave them.
But he's out there looking
for them, and they're relying
on me, and I don't know
how else to protect them.
Okay. Look, I'm staying down
there for a few weeks over.
It's out of town. He
won't find them there.
But Cassie, I can't
pretend to understand
what's going on here.
Just be careful, okay?
I'll be back as soon as I can. Thank
you, Ben. You didn't ask for any of this.
Okay, well neither did you.
No, no, no, no.
You have come back. Looking for answers.
Back?
I promised your mother I would be here.
My mom thought Las Aranyas were a myth.
What do you think?
I think she's crazy for coming here alone.
She came here hoping
to extract healing properties
from the spiders. She thought
she was being protected.
By Ezekiel Sims?
His motives were selfish.
He used your mom to find
us. But because he stole
the spider, he was cursed.
He's been trying to outrun
his destiny ever since.
This is where my mom died?
And where you were born.
I don't understand why she
risked my life to come here.
To see your future clearly, you
have to heal the wounds of your past.
That sounds like literally every
therapy session I've ever avoided.
You have to go back to your
beginning and keep going past that.
There are powers...
You don't even know you're capable of.
Your thread did not start
when you were born.
Do you trust me?
I'm not really sure at this
point if I have a choice...
You need to just walk away.
Your threat did not start
when you were born.
She really is trying her best
to keep me from working.
Not when I was close, but when
I'm not going to let her do that.
Why did you hate me so much?
Thank you.
For the umbrella.
Give it to me.
I found it!
I found the spider!
Incredible, isn't it?
Give it to me.
No, please...
You're making the wrong decision...
Give it to me!
You could just walk away!
Ah!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Las Aranyas could not stand by.
We tried to save you both.
Her journey will not be
easy, but she is strong.
Your test results came back.
I'm sorry to tell you that
your baby has Myestenia gravis.
It's a genetic neuro-muscular disorder.
But I don't have a neuro-muscular disorder.
Life expectancy? It varies.
Do you need a tissue?
No.
No, I need a cure.
I'm afraid there is no cure.
A single target nucleotide intervention.
It's experimental, but there are
some promising leads in the Amazon.
That's why you want that?
For me?
I have to advise you against traveling.
I'm sorry.
What are you offering besides tissues?
I know this is hard to accept.
No, no.
I'm unwilling to accept a
diagnosis of helplessness.
And I'm not going to teach
my daughter to, either.
You did it.
I never knew I was sick.
The spider venom did
have healing properties.
I'm so sorry I spent so long
being mad at you.
I always thought my mom
didn't care about me.
Sometimes you must sacrifice
yourself for those you love.
I was there.
I was in the room.
I was in the room with her.
How did you do that?
You did that.
Now you're starting to
see what you're capable of.
You came here to learn
the truth about your past.
You will leave ready to embrace your future.
Seeing into the future
is no match for Ezekiel.
I need to stop him
before he kills those girls.
But I can't do what he can do.
I can't do the leapy, crawly,
like... death poison.
You didn't get the gift
of the greater physical
strength or the ability
to release poison.
But seeing into the
future is only the start.
Your mind has infinite potential.
If you master your power,
you can use the web to be in more
than one place at the same time.
You are the only one
who can change the future.
And when you take on the responsibility,
great power will come.
Every day that goes by...
My appointment with death gets closer.
And you still have found nothing?
How can she get three teenagers
hidden for a week?
I'm running checks every three minutes,
scanning CCTV camera.
I hacked police and
emergency services frequencies.
I have eyes on all of their houses,
including friends and family.
Still nothing.
Do you understand?
Those girls cannot exist.
They will try to destroy me,
as I will you if you don't find them.
She can't hide them forever.
Okay, it's still pretty quiet out there.
What did I miss? Ben said words.
Oh, boring.
Okay, let's try and remember to pick up
after ourselves... ok, guys?
Hey, woah, woah, woah, woah.
Throwing popcorn is superfun, but...
Guys, guys, either I peed
myself or my water broke.
Ew.
Well, honestly, you probably peed yourself
because that isn't supposed to happen yet.
Richard's not here, and the
baby isn't due for four weeks.
I don't think the baby got the medal, Ben.
Okay, okay, okay.
Looks like we may have to wait a
little while for the... WOW. Ambulance.
The baby is not waiting.
He's coming.
Now, now.
Uh, like here, in the dining room?
If Ben doesn't get me
to the hospital, then yes.
Okay, uh, uh, get in the car.
Keep your head down.
It's gonna be ok.
Okay. Seatbelts, everybody.
Seriously? Let's go.
Uh, never mind.
We may have something.
I've intercepted a call to the hospital.
Same time it is.
Track the route.
Tracking.
Yeah.
Is this the... Hospital, Ben.
Get off me, get off me, get off me!
Shit!
Sorry, guys.
Thank you!
So the last one was 3 minutes and 24
seconds after the previous one, so that
means the time between contractions
is increasing at a rate of 21.6 seconds.
That was pretty fast.
You better hurry up, I'm not
sticking around if it gets gross.
It's the southwest on Vernon Avenue.
I'll cut them off on the
second avenue intersection.
Drive faster!
Let's go, let's go, please.
Hack into traffic control.
Turn the lights green.
Amaria, now.
Turning all traffic lights to green.
Why is no one stopping on red?
Hey, watch out!
They're not stopping!
Whoa, whoa!
Everyone okay? Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Um... What is that?
Oh my god, it's him.
Guys?
Go, go, go!
Everybody get outta here right now!
Get out, go on! Get in the ambulance,
go! It's not over, go!
Ben, I need you to get Mary
as far away as possible, okay?
Ezekiel, he won't care about you now.
What about you?
I liked you better when
you didn't make plans!
You're showing off!
Not yet.
Uh, I think we lost him.
Get in the back and charge that AED.
For what?
Just do it, go.
Okay, press charge.
Am I having a heart attack?
I think I'm having a heart attack.
You're not having a heart attack.
Okay, get ready.
Get it close to the ceiling, nobody
touch the sides or anything.
Ready...?
Wait... wait...
Now!
Sorry!
You're okay?
Okay.
Now you're showing off.
Maybe a little.
Those girls can not exist.
Infinite potential.
This place was always a death trap.
Get down!
Go, run!
Go, come on!
Get in the helicopter!
I have a code 30, PD 36307, requesting
airlift support, dockside, Queens.
Ok...
It's gonna get a little crazy.
It's already crazy.
You didn't bail on us.
Whatever happens, I promise
I'm going to protect you guys.
We'll protect each other.
We'll run this together.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay, we are still not doing high five.
I know, it's not cool.
Let's go, now go back.
All right, go, go, go.
This doesn't look safe.
Well, it's full of explosives
and it's structurally unsound.
Yeah, it doesn't sound safe.
It's a death trap.
That's a good thing?
As long as we're not
the ones who get trapped.
No matter what happens,
we need to work together.
Ok?
Well, his name is time, Cassie.
Yeah, and we won't be impulsive.
Are we ready?
We have to get to the roof.
He's gonna be here any minute.
Here, take these.
Put them in as many crates as you can.
Okay.
You two, go that way.
We need to slow him down.
Mattie, this way.
You come with me, come on.
Come this way.
Come on, Julia! Let's go!
Anya, go!
Go!
Go straight ahead! When I say now,
Get down!
What do you mean?
It's a dead end!
Now!
Wow. Go! Go!
Now you're really showing off!
Come on! Upstairs!
I knew! I knew she had a plan!
Hey! Right here! Right here!
Make your way to the south side!
Come on!
Wait, get down!
Oh, dear!
He said south side, we can go this way!
Anya!
Let's go!
Mattie!
We need to go this way.
Come on, Anya! Get down!
Go for the ladder! Let's go!
Come on, come on!
Get to the helicopter!
Hey! Hello!
Get down!
It's not safe to land!
You have to get higher!
Guys, this way!
We can get to the chopper from here!
Anya, jump!
Jump, now!
Julia, get back!
Julia, get down!
Oh, god!
You should have walked away!
You can't protect them!
Cassie!
Over here, asshole!
Mattie!
Anya!
Cassie!
You can't stay all three.
And when you take on the responsability,
great power will come.
Julia! I got you.
Come on.
Mattie!
You're gonna be okay.
Anya!
Honey, give me your hand.
You still can't beat me with your mind.
What makes you so sure?
Come on. Come on, come on.
You're just like your mother.
Yes. I am.
You've been trying to change your future...
But the girls were never your future.
I was.
No! Cassie!
She's not breathing!
Her heart is not beating!
We know what to do!
Beggining compressions!
Interlock your fingers.
Come back, Cassie!
Come on guys, come on!
We keep going, we don't stop!
Come on, Cassie...
I'm getting a little tired...
I'm right here.
Cassie, wake up...
Cassie! Come back, Cassie!
We're here, Cassie.
We're not leaving you.
Please come back, I need you...
Oh, my god!
Cassie!
Oh my god, we did it!
He's perfect!
He is.
He is perfect.
We're still here, Cassie.
We're not leaving you.
I wouldn't be here if I
weren't for the three of you.
Right back at you.
And so the title of the baby
is doing really well.
He's loving being an uncle.
Yeah, all the fun and
none of the responsibility.
That's what he thinks.
Are you all immediate family?
Yes.
They're all mine.
Can I get you anything?
No.
I have everything I need right here.
You left your junk mail downstairs...
Again.
And we got take-out.
We didn't know...
Kung-Pow chicken is perfect.
How did you know?
Bless you, Anya.
What?
Thank you.
Maddie!
What?
I told you I'm starving.
And I told you guys, that you won't...
We wouldn't like you if you're hangry.
Well, you wouldn't, so...
How's your eyesight?
I can see better than I ever have.
Oh, yeah?
Can you see us in the future?
Yes.
I can see you.
Standing up for what you believe.
Never giving up.
Discovering you were always
more powerful than you thought.
Nothing I didn't already know.
I don't know about you two, but...
That totally makes sense to me.
What? I'm serious.
Wow.
Wow, I'm being serious.
Whatever the future holds.
We'll be ready.
And you know the best
thing about the future...
It hasn't happened yet.